Add Gitpod setup (#4)
edgelesssys/ego.dev: README.md

# Source code of ego.dev

The website uses [Hugo](https://gohugo.io/). Updates to the *main* branch automatically update [www.ego.dev](www.ego.dev).

## Dev environment using Gitpod

You can get a ready-to-use environment in your browser using Gitpod by simply clicking [here](https://gitpod.io#https://github.com/edgelesssys/ego.dev). Gitpod is configured in `.gitpod.yml`.

## Custom dev environment

> Install ["extended" Hugo](https://gohugo.io/getting-started/installing/) and run `hugo serve`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install ["extended" Hugo](https://github.com/gohugoio/hugo#build-and-install-the-binaries-from-source-advanced-install) and run `hugo serve`.
```
I think the easiest way is to install with 'go install', but I could not find this option on the website, only on their Github repository.
